Fix slack v3 docs (#29707)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/Scripts/SlackBlockBuilder/README.md

> SlackBlockBuilder will format a given Slack block into a format readable by the SlackV3 integration. The script will also send the block to the given destination. Make sure to mark **Trust any certificate** and fill the **XSOAR API Key** integration params if you wish to get the response to the incident context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SlackBlockBuilder will format a given Slack block into a format readable by the SlackV3 integration. The script will also send the block to the given destination. Make sure to mark **Trust any certificate** and fill the **XSOAR API Key** integration parameters if you want to get a response to the incident context.
```

---
**Issue**: The survey is sent to Slack and submitted successfully, but the response does not show up in context data in Cortex XSOAR.

> **Troubleshooting**: The most likely cause is that there is no API key entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings, or the API key was not created by default admin. Ensure an API key created by a default admin user is entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings. Also, make sure to mark the **Trust any certificate (not secure)** integration param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Troubleshooting**: The most likely cause is that there is no API key entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings, or the API key was not created by default admin. Ensure an API key created by a default admin user is entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings. Also, make sure to mark the **Trust any certificate (not secure)** integration parameter.
```
